KB improvements (#949)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/knowledgebase/runtime/storage.md

### Storage Map

Map data structures are ideal for managing sets of items whose elements will be accessed randomly,
as opposed to iterating over them sequentially in their entirety. Storage Maps in Substrate are
implemented as key-value hash maps. In order to give runtime engineers increased control, Substrate allows developers to select
which hashing algorithms suits their use case the best for generating a map's keys. This is covered in the section on [hashing algorithms](#hashing-algorithms).

Refer to the Storage Map documentation for
[a comprehensive list of the methods that Storage Map exposes](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v3.0.0/frame_support/storage/trait.StorageMap.html#required-methods).

### Double Storage Map

Double storage maps are very similar to single storage maps except they contain two keys, which is useful for querying values with common keys. 

Refer to the documentation on
[advanced storage](../advanced/storage) to learn more about how different Storage Maps, including Double Storage Maps, are implemented.

#### Iterating Over Storage Maps

> Substrate Storage Maps are iterable with respect to their keys and values. Because maps are often
> used to track unbounded sets of data (such as account balances, for example), iterating over them within the runtime makes it especially likely to
> exceed block production time.
> Furthermore, because accessing the elements of a map requires more database reads than accessing the
> elements of a native list, map iterations are significantly _more_ costly than list iterations in terms of time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substrate Storage Maps are iterable with respect to their keys and values. Because maps are often
used to track unbounded sets of data (such as account balances), iterating over them without caution in the runtime may cause blocks not being able to produced in time.
Furthermore, because accessing the elements of a map requires more database reads than accessing the
elements of a native list, map iterations are significantly _more_ costly than list iterations in terms of execution time. 
```

>**A note on best practices**: in general, Substrate focuses on "[first principles](#best-practices)" as opposed to hard and fast rules
>of right and wrong. The information here aims to help you understand _all_ of Substrate's
>storage capabilities and how to use them in a way that respects the principles around which

> >they were designed. For instance, iterating over storage maps in your runtime is neither right nor wrong &mdash; yet, avoiding it would be considered a better approach with respect to best practices.

Reviewer: i like the description here 👍

}
```

### `build`

Whereas [the `config` extension](#config) to the `decl_storage` macro allows you to configure a
module's genesis storage state within a chain specification, the `build` extension allows you to
perform this same task within the module itself (which gives you access to the module's private
functions). Like `config`, the `build` extension accepts a single parameter, but in this case the
parameter is always required and must be a closure, which is essentially a function. The `build`

> closure will be invoked with a single parameter whose type will be the module's `GenesisConfig` type. This gives you easy access to all the attributes of the `GenesisConfig` type. 

Reviewer: I see that at some places you replaced the word "module" to "pallet", and other places you are deliberately changing "pallet" back to "module". What would be a good guiding principle when to use "pallet" and when to use "module"?

Author: Yes, this came up a lot and does need fixing. However, I decided to focus this PR on re-structuring rather than making terminology changes. I suggest we leave as is for this PR and I'll do another pass on making sure all occurrences of the terms "pallet" and "module" are consistent with their contexts. My thoughts are to move away from the term "module" completely, unless it's referring to a Rust (or non-FRAME) thing.
